Life is wonderful. Without it we'd all be dead. 
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse. 
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
He who laughs last thinks slowest!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it. 
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART? 
Programming is an art form that fights back.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
You can observe a lot by watching.  - Yogi Berra
You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -  Yogi Berra
80% of success is turning up  - Woody Allen
You never really learn to swear until you learn to program.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -	Albert Einstein
Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning. 
Memory is necessary for all the operations of reason.  - Blaise Pascal
The first step towards wisdom is calling things by their right names. -  Anon Chinese Proverb
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try to find out what you are doing wrong.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
It is not true that life is one damn thing after another - it's one damn thing over and over. -  Edna St Vincent Millay
Think before you think -  Stanislav Lec
If you lie to the computer it will get you.
A picture is worth 1K words (but only those words which describe the picture).
Simplicity does not precede complexity, it follows it.  - Alan J Perlis
To arrive at the simple is difficult.
There is more to programming than programming... 
When everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop" Lewis Carroll "Alice in Wonderland"
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
Experience is something you don’t get until just after you need it.
Doing more things faster is no substitute for doing the right things.
Time is nature’s way of preventing everything happening at once.
Dumb questions are better than smart mistakes.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
